Saved GraphQL Queries (#75)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/graphql.md

}
```

> ## Saved Queries

Reviewer: Would you be willing to start a `nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.1.md` and add something similar to this content to that document?

Author: Sure can do this in another PR

Reviewer: Can this be done as part of this PR?

Queries can now be stored inside of Nautobot, allowing the user to easily rerun previously defined queries.

> Inside of Extensibility > Data Management > GraphQL Queries, there are views to create and manage GraphQL queries.

Reviewer: Looks like we're not self-consistent across all of our docs, but the Git datasource user guide uses the following:

```suggestion
Inside of **Extensibility -> Data Management -> GraphQL Queries**, there are views to create and manage GraphQL queries.
```

}
```

## Saved Queries

> Queries can now be stored inside of Nautobot. Allowing the user to easy rerun queries using a slug.
> 
> Inside of Extensibility > Data Management > GraphQL Queries, there are views to create and manage GraphQL queries.
> 
> These queries can be ran through the detailed view or from an API request. The queries can also be passed into GraphiQL by using the "Open in GraphiQL" button or from a new tab in the navigation called "Queries". This tab is only visible when viewing GraphiQL.
> 
> To launch a stored query, a POST request needs to be sent to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/extras/graphql-queries/[slug]/run/`. This request can use a JSON body to pass in GraphQL variables into the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries can now be stored inside of Nautobot, allowing the user to easily rerun previously defined queries.

Inside of Extensibility > Data Management > GraphQL Queries, there are views to create and manage GraphQL queries.

Saved queries can be executed from the detailed query view or via a REST API request. The queries can also be populated from the detailed query view into GraphiQL by using the "Open in GraphiQL" button. Additionally, in the GraphiQL UI, there is now a menu item, "Queries", which can be used to populate GraphiQL with any previously saved query.

To execute a stored query via the REST API, a POST request can be sent to `/api/extras/graphql-queries/[slug]/run/`. Any GraphQL variables required by the query can be passed in as JSON data within the request body.
```
